README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

test, flatten and deploy bank contract

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Make sure to install globally

- Truffle from npm registry eg npm i -g truffle
- Ganache from npm registry eg npm i -g ganache

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
Connect your metamask wallet and enter an amount to stake and click on stake.

### Testing

Run `ganache` in a terminal
then in another terminal run `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### Live test

To test the contract go to https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x804d0b9c099a8bfdae818970f64857aa28ffed5e

Token is at 0xFab46E002BbF0b4509813474841E0716E6730136 , you can get some from https://erc20faucet.com/

Contract is at contract/BankSafe.sol and deployed at 0xa129c73e976633415C3c03D7F886BDeafF6A35f9 with 10 days set Time period

Better GUI might be added in the future
